## Account System Implementation Plan

I need you to create a implementation plan for user system, when users join and have an api key given, and accept the terms, they get  logged in, but as an anonymous user, there should be another page called Account where the user is given a random anonymous name. on the account page the user can optionally add his In game name, has a delete account button ,which will delete his personal data from the database (soft delete and mark any username that may be personal as "Deleted"). The user can select wether they want to be "Hireable" default is No. he user can also see his own data in the account page, and can download it as a json file. The user can also see his api key and reuse it if he accidentally deletes his cookies. The user can also see the date he joined and the last time he logged in.

In the Manage tab there will be a new page called Users, here the Admin can see all the users in a table, admin can delete a user, or Ban his ip(also remove his personal data except the encrypted ip address because it is needed, it will however be deleted after a year for cleanup) if for example his name is very provoking. The admin can also see the date the user joined, the last time he logged in, and if he is hireable. The admin can also search for users by their username or in game name. Sorting by join date, last login, and hireable status should also be possible. Pages should be of type infinite loading, with 20 users per page. There should be a banner which says how many users are registered in total, how many are hireable, how many are banned, how many have deleted their account, and how many are active in the last 7 days. The admin should also be able to see the api key of each user, but it should be masked by default and only revealed when the admin clicks on a "Show API Key" button for that user.
